this guy this guy Belle he's a Mac User
and he was like what Windows laptop is
good and I said the Acer Swift X he
literally scoffed these Apple guys that
hear Acer they no this thing's great and
I'm going to show you why it it also
isn't great in some ways but but it's
great and I'm going to tell you
why all right here we have a 100 wat
power adapter and that is being
delivered over USB type-c which is
awesome I absolutely love that you can
have everything from your headphones to
your vape pen to your Xbox controller
all of them can be charged directly from
this plug it in hit the power button got
it damn it there we go it's a laptop it
certainly looks like a
laptop there's not much design going on
the back there this would be a really
good candidate for a dbrand skin cuz man
that's that's not a whole lot happening
there overall though we do have a solid
selection of I/O so on the right we have
Micro SD and a fulls size type A on the
left we have two Thunderbolt 4S
headphone microphone combo Jack another
type A and HDMI 2.1 looking around the
back one thing that is interesting is
that there doesn't appear to be much for
ventilation back here it's just metal
and there's a tiny little vent on the
bottom that might not be enough to cool
the 4070 in here actually I know it's
not enough I looked at the laps results
the build quality does seem quite high
this is a stamped aluminum chassis and
it is really really quite rigid overall
though first impressions are quite good
this trackpad takes up the full bottom
here it has their eco-friendly ocean
glass either way glass topped touchpad
like to see that we've got the keyboard
here nice easy layout and we've also got
this segue to our sponsor secret lab you
may know them for their best-in-class
gaming chairs but did you know secret
lab makes desks too their Magnus Pro
isn't your average sit to stand desk
either it is packed with unique features
you can have the cleanest desk around
with their patent pending integrated
power supply column and a ful length
built-in Cable Management tray and of
course the Magnus Pro is fully
adjustable as a sit-to stand desk with a
Sleek integrated control panel check out
the Magnus Pro and all of secret lab's
offerings at the link down below all
right quickly let's give this away 3.4
lb that is pretty good with our charger
that goes up to 4.2 not too bad
especially given this has a 47 in it all
right let's have a look at the spe in
here we have an Intel Core Ultra 71 155h
that is 16 cores 22 threads we also have
32 GB of memory running at 6,400 megat
transfers per second it does say row of
chips so he might not be able to upgrade
it which would be a big sad we also have
a 1 TB Samsung nvme SSD Wi-Fi 6E and the
star of the show and the star of not the
show actually the Nvidia RTX 470 this
thing is an excellent GPU that is very
much held back by the fact this only has
an advertised 50 wats of power and a
measured 60 is we actually saw 58 which
is um not enough for these we will talk
about the actual performance later but
60 wats is not enough for a 4070 and you
don't even have the like in some laptops
you can be like yeah just get the more
expensive GPU even if it doesn't have
enough power it has more vram nope this
is 8 GB of GPU memory so that's not
really enough oh yeah and there's an npu
AS and literally everyone has been
talking about how AI OMG but uh this npu
isn't good enough for co-pilot plus
so that's too bad what's immediately
jumping out here though this display
looks fantastic it is 2080x 1800p so 16x
10 OLED and 120 HZ and it looks Flipping
Fantastic in SDR we measured it as just
under 4 400 nits Peak brightness and the
color accuracy is kind of all over the
place depending what profile you use but
for the most part it is staying under
that Delta e of2 so you can definitely
use this for professional color work
also when you put it into HDR mode we
measured just over 600 nits Peak
brightness Which is higher than their
500 nits advertised but that was only at
a 5% window you're looking it more like
400 nits Peak brightness for the full
screen but that said those 600 nits in
the little tin tiny windows will still
be enough to give you a HDR experience
when you're in a really dark room this
laptop is definitely aimed at being an
all-arounder so let's give the keyboard
a little
snip this keyboard is perfectly adequate
I was able to get up to full speed
without any accuracy problems but at the
same time I was not enjoying a second of
it the keys are very consistent so from
key to key you can get used to it but
also the key stability definitely leave
something to be desired like if you look
here I can press on the corner we're
getting loads of flex right there if you
don't hit the key directly in the center
you're going to be slowing down for a
second it's borderline B minus that said
though the trackpad below it is great as
we said it has that silly ocean glass on
it so it is glass topped it is nice and
large and also I've had no trouble at
all with the accuracy on it that's a
trackpad click feels pretty good too but
not like what you would find on
something that's a bit pricier with the
force touch trackpad do you guys want to
see an incredible feature that so many
laptops lack right now oh yeah there we
go type A directly into the laptop get
on Dell Lenovo has their new yoga 7 it
looked so beautiful only USB type-c not
even a headphone jack no type a complete
right off okay Mac does get a bit of a
pass because in my mind fullsize SD card
reader and HDMI does make up for lack of
a type A this thing kind of loud you're
in normal mode so we're not even in
performance yet ooh and in performance
it's even louder all right we are in
rocket League here and I am currently
getting
10 it's really all over the place
actually I'm having some frame pacing
issues for sure we're currently screen
recording what about I stop screen
recording there we go
minimums of 230 now so I guess that this
is not a super happy GPU when you are
screen recording and gaming at the same
time I was expecting a little bit better
which kind of is just everything about
the GPU in this I was expecting a little
bit better I really feel like that they
could have had quite a bit more cooling
back here and then we would have been
quite a bit more positive about this it
does really seem like this chassis was
designed around a 4050 which has that 50
wat TDP and you are not getting
everything out of a 4060 or a 4070 our
lab compared this to a 4060 in the Asus
G14 which In fairness is a gaming laptop
does have quite a bit more power but the
4060 in that absolutely walked all over
the 4070 that we have in our Acer right
here so just do not buy the 4070 version
of this laptop you are not getting a
4070 you are getting at best just a very
expensive 40 60 the worst part of all of
this is that their configs kind of suck
so if you need 32 GB of RAM like maybe
you're a video editor or a photo editor
and you just want a GPU even though you
don't really need all of that
performance you need to get one of the
higher end gpus to get the Ram that you
will need this is really too bad because
the 4050 in this I think would be
perfect you can do almost everything
it's nice it's pretty light screen's
amazing but it is really really
throttled once you put those higher end
gpus into it that said though for gaming
I am having a really great time on this
that 120 HZ display plus the OLED we
measured as having nearly perfect
latency all right let's test the
speakers I do not have High Hopes
everything from Acer that I have tested
in the last couple years has frankly
sucked ass you guys really need to
improve your
speakers okay
that's that's better than I expected
although still not great it's
uh kind of
harsh kind of just bad sounding if I'm
honest
oh H there are different spatial audio
modes in this and traditional just
sounds way better
than so we have games and ener oh
[Music]
wow just turn that off sounds okay in
the normal just stereo mode when you
have the spatial stuff on it sounds like
butt it does sound wider but it sounds
like butt oh we do have some down firing
speakers on the side so let's just
verify that we don't get it
[Music]
better nah it still kind of sucks Acer
you genuinely need to have a big think
and go and improve your speakers they
are a massive low light on all of your
laptops at the moment all right let's
look at the webcam this thing is 1080P
and it is awful uh I am completely blown
out and also very red looking uh moving
over here I am still very redl looking
and kind of under exposed and blown out
at the same time moving over here uh
yeah it's incredibly noisy and blown out
and under exposed at the same time oh is
genuinely terrible this is a tier of
webcam
that I have not seen on a laptop in a
while this thing sucks oh look at that
we also do not get Windows hello facial
recognition but we do have a fingerprint
sensor right over here which is a nice
little addition the battery itself is 76
wat hours and it was able to last in our
endurance test for 7 hours and 37
minutes which is really quite good given
the power of this thing and also the
fact that it has an OLED display now
looking in here first first of all no
upgradable Ram it is just soldered down
we can see the chips right there which
is very very sad because as I said
before this would be a much better
laptop if you're able to combine the
4050 with 32 GB of RAM because you're
not getting much more than 4050
performance anyway and we can very
easily see why right here this is a very
anemic cooler we have two little heat
pipes that go down here for the CPU and
the GPU which explains our CPU was at
102 while we were playing rocket league
and it's just not enough we we need more
Cooling in this if you want to put a
4070 in this Acer it's just not
acceptable for this class of
GPU also in here we do have upgradeable
SSD and an upgradeable Wi-Fi card which
I do really like to see because maybe 60
is pretty good right now maybe you want
Wi-Fi 8 in the future or something like
that you can just Chuck it in right
there and it probably will work I was
going to go grab a double-sided SSD but
I don't even have to there is so much
room underneath this SSD that you're
going to have no trouble at all putting
a double-sided SSD in right there
overall the Acer Swift x14 I do think is
a really good laptop even if it is
flawed in some ways I do really wish
that I had a bit more Cooling and that
would mean that you could have more than
the 4050 in this but that said if you
want to get the 4050 model which you
probably should it's going to start at
$1,400 the one that we have speced here
is more like 1,700 which I don't think
is a good buy cuz you are not getting
value out of that 470 that said you do
get a decent keyboard great trackpad
it's nice and light and that OLED screen
is freaking fantastic so if you're
looking for something that can just
cover all of your bases if you want to
do video editing photo editing
gaming professional work office stuff
it's it can do all of it incredibly comp
competently and in particular the lowest
of the lowest end model which doesn't
get the OLED screen and only a
3050 that thing's on sale for 800 bucks
right now and that sounds absolutely
fantastic there you go if you want a
MacBook Pro but do not have MacBook Pro
money I do not think that the Acer Swift
x14 is something to scoff at Belle